---
title: Introduction
module: 1
---

# Innovate High School Spring 2020



## Overview

This week we are going to start on our online journey talking about Unity.  It's a powerful Game Engine that allows us to create any game we want. However, we are going to stick to the basics and use built-in tools so we can focus on design and avoid some of the complexity.

<!-- The final topic will touch on the power of JS and node.js for server-side development. A number of JavaScript libraries will be explored for how they can speed up the artistic process. -->

#### Objectives

At the conclusion of this module, students should;

- Be introduced to the Unity Game Engine.
- Be able to use the Unity Playground.
- Understand assets and scripts.
- Connect components to scripts
- Understand the basics of interactivity and collisions
- Understand the fundamentals of game play
<!-- - Have a basic understanding of the role node.js plays in web development. -->
<!-- - Be capable of creating a basic web-socket based web-app for multi-user interaction. -->


## What to Expect

This course will force you to learn and adapt to new technologies, while also thinking about design, and content creation. 


## Session Goals

There are 4 high-level goals for this course;

1. Learn how to problem solve. (More specifically, how to break a problem down into sub-problems that are easier to solve by themselves)
2. Adapt to constantly changing technological paradigms by learning how to learn. (Skills acquisition.)
3. Combine technical and artistic practices through inquiry and iteration.




# Overview the Rest of This Week

The rest of this week will introduce the following;

- Information about instructors
- Syllabus
- Review the CLI (Command Line Interface) & Bash
- Review;
    - GitHub accounts
    - issues forum
    - Creating a new GitHub Repo
    - Converting a repo to a GH-Pages site
    - building a simple simple site following Responsive Web Design (RWD) guidelines
- Go over how to submit homework.
